The Joe Rogan experience. And I say this many times,
and I'll say it some more. Give me that lighter. You got a friend, Alex Jones.
He's, he's made some mistakes and some big ones,
but he's also actually exposed some real in.
He owns up to the mistakes he's made. They're not good.
He doesn't think they're good.
There's a thing about finding conspiracies everywhere.
That's not good for your brain. I really believe this.
I think that if you go looking for those things and that's all you look for and
you look from all the time, you can get real paranoid and real crazy.
And then there's also a bunch of people that are trying to stop you from doing
that because you do expose some crazy. You know,
he was talking about Epstein a long time ago, a long time ago,
he was saying there was a island in the,
and they take all these rich politicians and some celebrities and they bang
these kids. And I was like, come on. He was telling me this a long time ago.
So he's also the one who told me about Bohemian Grove. Well,
I actually watched it for, I think this tape was actually made before I met him.
So he went and snuck in to this place where like former presidents go,
there's a photograph of Ronald Reagan with Herbert Walker, Bush,
and a couple other people all standing around. And it's like,
these are the people that used to hang out at this place.
And they would put on robes and they would worship an hour ago, owl God.
And they would burn an effigy and they're playing.
And then Alex snuck in and made video footage of this. And then no,
one's denying that it's real. This is really did happen there.
So they're in with these bankers and former presidents and they're dressed like
Druids. And some guy brings over something that it's an effigy.
That's supposed to be a body, a wrapped up effigy.
It's also a bunch of sticks in blood, in a blanket,
but it's like shaped like a body and then they drop it on the fire and they're
all worshiping an owl.
God, why is that bad? But.
Imagine if you saw those, if that's what your business is,
just finding those things. How crazy you think you get, first of all, wait,
then you add in vodka and head wounds.
Wait, wait, hold on. Wait, go to the headwinds part.
What do you mean Jones? Okay. I got you.
It, man. When I was in liberal arts school, man,
there's this great teacher who changed my life, Sam Scovel. And he,
one of the things he taught was so beautiful. He still teaches there.
Whether the things he taught was figure out a way to take in all information and
then filter out the. That's not real and keep the real stuff. And like,
you know, Alex Jones is like let's yeah.
Some of the stuff is real take what's real. There's a good chunk of it.
That's real.
Like I remember he was telling me that there's governments using chemicals that
turn frogs gay. I was like, what, what are you talking about? He goes, yes.
He goes, pesticides are turning frogs gay. And I'm like, that can't be real. No,
there really is. Is that true? Yes.
There's pesticides that change frogs genders. What?
Yes. Yes. But she, some.
Pesticide with frogs genders that sucks.
Maybe it doesn't pens on the Friday is awesome for the frog Fox.
I don't give a cause they've never been taught homophobia. Why would they care?
Who. Yeah. But there's a real thing that you find that it's,
it's a pesticide that has some sort of an effect,
an unintended effect on frogs genders, dude.
That's another thing that people don't talk about.
Pesticides that have been used in like golf courses and like there's people live
around those. That's a chemical dump. Yeah.
Golf courses or pesticide atrazine can turn male frogs into females. Cool.
So this is pesticide. Berkeley changes the gender or should I say the sex?
Is it the same thing? Sex and gender.
Getting sucked into that black hole Rogan. You can keep that to yourself,
but Hey, I'll get sucked into another black hole. Isn't that crazy though? Yeah.
Before we get into that stuff, I want to say this real quick. Okay.
Is that camera on me, friends at the Bohemian Grove future friends.
I should say. I just want you to know, I don't know much about you.
I know Alex Jones, you know, probably on vodka drinks.
I think he was then I think he was sober. He started drinking after all this,
please don't.
This up. Sorry. Siggy had an infiltrator look. I went to a summer camp.
We have bonfires. We wore robes. I mean, not like maybe what you do.
I just want to say, Hey, come on, invite me, please.
I won't tell anybody anything I've heard. You guys are pretty awesome. Actually,
what I've heard is the idea was to get a bunch of hardcore neo-cons together and
then mix some artists in,
in the hopes that like having like brushing shoulders with artists would in some
way, shape or form loosened some people up a little bit.
And I've also already have a tram that connects campsites there to other
campsites,
meaning you just get in the tram and suddenly you're hanging out with Dick
Cheney. Listen, I won't tell anybody I got a podcast.
I want you to tell Joe, let me and I worship molec.
I want to worship Moloch if it means hurting people.
But I don't understand why people are upset about by the way. That's.
Like that you'd have video, right? Why is what's wrong with nothing?
This is the thing. So excited.
This is the thing that I get confused about here. It's like in our country,
we've got people who are Christian and that's beautiful thing.
And I do love Jesus.
I was reading the book of mark today regarding the parable of the sower.
But that being said,
I don't think it's fair necessarily to tell people they can't worship an owl or
burned in effigy in front of an owl,
some kind of symbolic magical ritual that represents the disintegration of your
negative energy or whatever it may be. I really don't know, but that'd be,
you know, to me,
that's the other problem that's happening right now is like superstition is
running rampant. I'm friends with lots of witches.
I know a few Satanist and I know a few people are under the occult and I don't
know a single one of them that would tolerate child abuse.
I don't know a single one that wouldn't kill somebody.
Some of them would kill people if they thought they were hurting kids, not in,
in make it so that nobody found the body. Some of the Satanists,
I know they would kill some. They would kill probably. I don't know for sure.
I'm not trying to throw any Satanists under the bus,
but I'm just saying like this idea that we can't have alternate,
alternate pagan religions in our country without immediately being associated
with human sacrifice or child abuse.
I think that goes against the American spirit. It's like, look,
cause people don't want to subscribe to your particular like very popular global
religion doesn't necessarily implicate them in like something that is
truly a horror, which is human trafficking. Right? So to me,
this is the problem. It's like, man,
we gotta be a little bit more nuanced in our apprehend or not in our
conceptualization of these people. Again,
I don't know what's going on at the Bohemian Grove, but from what I've heard,
it's basically a summer camp for billionaires where they try to get artists in
there to like loosen them up a little bit. That's what I've heard.
I could be wrong. Who told you this? Is this I honestly can't say. Hm.
Hm. Interesting. Well, look man. I don't know. And I know,
have you seen the video.
Bahamian growth? Have you seen it?
The ritual in front of the Al guy? You've seen it. Yeah. Go,
come with me to burning man. And you will see that. Oh, I'm sure. Every 50 feet,
I don't.
Think it's that big of a deal. I really don't.
If it involves hurting kids, it's a big deal.
And if these are doing anything that involves human sacrifice,
hurting human beings.
In, in, in, uh, in, in.
Any application of that. But of course, then it's the worst thing on earth.
And I'm so sorry that I said anything about it, but.
I don't think that's what this is. I mean,
obviously what we're seeing is not that we don't know what else happens,
but what you're seeing is them burning sticks in front of this, uh, owl God.
And it's like these crazy, um, crazy, uh,
speech they're given while it's going on. It's it's really weird. Hey,
can we hear some of it? The speech?
I don't know where the speeches and the video,
I found out another video where they stabilize the footage. Oh, it's like,
but I mean before.
Before this, nobody really believed that listening.
Once again,
[inaudible].
The lighting, the fog on fire and everybody's cheering.
It looks fine. Stanley Kubrick had this,
a quote once to a Nicole Kidman. I think it was,
they were working on eyes wide shut.
See if you can find what she said about the elites
that he hit, that he had said, I know I saved it.
I can find it if I have chance to look at my laptop,
but it was something about him. You know,
talking about the,
the powers that run the world and that they all have something on each other.
And that's how they all can say together. They'll compromise each other.
That's what skull and bones is about. Like that's what all that stuff is about.
So he had a much more concise quote on that.
But when you see something like that, you go, well,
maybe it's like fun that they do it. That nobody knows they do it.
You know what I'm saying?
Like maybe it's like one of those rituals where you get together,
your dad thinks it's hilarious and you both put your hoods on,
you go out there and you burn the owl or you burn the sticks in front of the
owl. And what's fun is that you're not supposed to be doing it.
And it's a secret, but nothing really is happening. That's also on the table.
Yeah, it's possible.
But it's weird, man. That was weird.
Episodes of the Joe Rogan experience are now free on Spotify. That's right.
They're free from September 1st to December 1st,
they're going to be available everywhere.
But after December 1st they will only be available on Spotify,
but they will be free. That includes the video. The video will also be there.
It'll also be free. That's all we're asking you just go download Spotify much.
Buh-bye.